Crazy year thirty or four
I accept it. If you don’t understand what I’m saying, throw him out.
Actually it's not bad, you are helping me, you can't die.
In fact, the better, don't let me endure it so many times, get out.
Go ahead a little bit, okay.
What are you doing? You dare to ignore the prince.
It's just a matter of time. Don't let him find him and ignore him.
As long as the fever is ignored, he will not let me go until he dies.
Besides, if I came here, would I throw him in?
Not much good.
It's Yue, just go ahead.
It’s so hard to reason about, don’t let others get away from you,
You think I'm willing to waste my time.
Ask a good official whether he is obedient
I promise to get your hand
Restore without charging
what did you just say
can you play with one hand
Restore without charging